(Episode 15)
Hak Young.
If the verdict...
points me as the murderer,
I'll reveal your secret to the police.
- Do Hak Young. - You wouldn't want that, would you?
So do whatever you can...
to make me innocent.
You know Do Hak Young, don't you?
You knew him, but you pretended not to, right?
No, I really don't know him.
Let's go. Go turn yourself in,
and I'll quit my post.
That's what you want, right?
You scumbag! You crazy jerk!
I didn't mean all that.
How could you...
I'm just frustrated, you know.
Just tell me that...
you trust me, can't you?
You're so heartless.
You jerk.
Gosh.
- Please drive faster. - Okay.
That jerk.
He's the culprit.
- Goodness. - What a jerk.
- How could he? - Gosh.
I can't trust you yet.
So tell me.
If I believe you after I hear everything,
people will also...
believe you.
Woo Tak!
Hey, Hong Joo.
Are you okay? Are you hurt?
Yes, I'm fine.
That's a relief.
See? I told you. I was right.
I told you that man will barge into your place.
Didn't I tell you to lock to door?
Why wouldn't you listen to me? Gosh.
It hurts.
Are you crying?
Yes, I am. You hit me so hard.
It hurts so much that I'm crying.
Woo Tak.
Yes, sir. Do Hak Young is being transported to Hangang Station.
Why did he suddenly turn himself in?
- Somebody convinced him to. - Who?
Well, I'll report more on that and tell you later.
You're holding yourself well when you must be really curious.
Are you kidding me? I have so much to ask, but I'm just holding it.
What is it? Are you going to answer my questions? Can I interview you?
No.
How much did you see in the dream?
Do Hak Young went into your house.
He asked you to be on his side because he thinks it's unfair.
That's all?
Yes, that's exactly all.
Why? Was there something more important after that?
No, there wasn't. That's all.
Okay.
About today...
Thanks for worrying about me.
He hugged her?
Why wouldn't he hug her to thank her?
Do you hug everyone that you're grateful to?
They can hug if they want like how Americans do.
Americans?
Well, I guess I could hug Hee Min or Ms. Moon if I'm grateful...
That's nonsense! I would never do that.
I wouldn't do that even if someone saved my life or even my country.
Why? Because this is Korea.
Then just think as they hugged because they like each other.
Hey! That can't be happening.
Who are you to decide that?
That's because...
I'm...
I should stop caring about something so petty.
Darn it.
Since you're here already, have breakfast with me.
It's okay. I had breakfast at your place too often. I'd be too sorry.
Okay then.
Thanks for taking me home. I'll go in.
Hey, Hong Joo.
About today...
Mr. Han Woo Tak!
Are you going to have breakfast?
I'm... I'm also going.
Well...
Did you also think that Do Hak Young...
could be the culprit when you came across this case?
Yes, I'm here early to have breakfast.
Let's go in. I'm hungry.
Okay.
- Over there! - Over there!
- He's here. - He's here.
Please get back!
The car stopped.
- Excuse me! - He's there!
Do you have anything to say to the bereaved family?
How do you feel right now?
Say something.
I didn't kill her!
Why did you kill her?
I feel falsely accused!
Why did you turn yourself in if you don't admit to the charge?
My friend told me...
to turn myself in because the law will protect me.
He told me that the law will prove my innocence!
I believed in him, so I turned myself in.
Why is that brat talking so much as if he did something good?
I just went in there and fixed the Internet for her.
I really didn't kill...
Let's turn off the news, and focus on our breakfast.
I'm so glad to have you for our breakfast, Woo Tak.
- Thank you. - Come by often.
It'd be better if you come every day.
Should I talk about the dream or not?
Why am I hesitating so much?
Why isn't he telling me anything?
Jae Chan.
I have something to tell you.
What? Did you just hear me?
Sorry? What are you talking about?
Oh, no, no. It's nothing.
What is it?
Do Hak Young who was just on the news is my friend.
- Your friend? - Oh, my.
We went to high school together,
and he lived with me until recently.
Gosh. Goodness, this can't be true.
So the friend who convinced him to turn himself in...
It's me. He came to my house in the early morning, so I talked him...
into turning himself in.
Oh, my.
His case will be assigned to you.
I saw it in the dream.
- To me? - That's why I convinced him.
I thought you'd be able to prove his innocence.
How do you know he's innocent?
Did you see that in the dream as well?
I didn't, but I can tell because I've known him for a long time.
- Hak Young would never... - He'd never kill a man?
How can you be so sure?
I mean, I wish I could know someone well like that as an old friend.
Then we won't need to go through trial.
I wish it was simple enough to just settle it among friends and family.
Do you think he's guilty?
No, I don't.
But I also don't think he's innocent.
I can't be sure of anything until I investigate him.
I'll have to see if he's guilty or innocent.
Woo Tak hugged me in your dream?
- Why did he? - He was grateful for your concern.
That's not possible.
Besides, I don't hug anyone just because someone hugs me.
No, you hugged him tight.
Not only did you hug him,
but you also patted his back. Do you do that to anyone?
- No, I don't. - That means Woo Tak isn't anyone.
What's so special about him? I want to know too.
Just say that he's not special.
I think Mr. Youngdeok Crab is jealous.
You're wrong. I'm not jealous. Don't get me wrong.
I'm sorry.
What was so special about Mr. Han Woo Tak?
Youngdeok crab, my foot.
Is it because of uniforms?
Uniforms?
I'm a little fond of men who wear uniforms...
like police, navy, or pilots.
Sometimes I have a crush on Woo Tak...
when he's in his uniform.
Only sometimes.
Prosecutors wear robes too.
Why were you so indifferent when I was wearing a robe?
Gosh, those robes are nothing.
They make you look like you're in a choir. It's such a turnoff.
A... A choir?
Darn it, I imagined myself in it.
Darn it. Seriously.
I feel it's a little unfair.
Why am I making excuses to you?
And it didn't even happen yet.
It would have happened if I didn't go out in the morning.
This is not jealousy.
- It's pure curiosity. - Curiosity?
Woo Tak is a friend of the offender.
I'm asking this because I want to know why you're being protective.
I'm asking as a prosecutor.
I'm not on Woo Tak's side.
I'm also not protecting him.
I'm 100 percent sure that Do Hak Young is guilty.
100 percent? Based on what?
Do Hak Young is the only one who was caught on the CCTV footage.
And it's really suspicious that he fled the police.
Also,
If the verdict points me as the murderer,
I'll reveal your secret to the police.
Woo Tak only said he trusts that murderer because he's a friend,
not because Woo Tak really thinks he's innocent.
Are you siding with Woo Tak?
Are you kidding me?
If I had to choose, I'd be on your side, not his.
I wish Do Hak Young pays for what he has done,
and I don't wish to see him get released like Kang Dae Hee.
I believe that you'll be able to prove him guilty.
This is not a support, is it?
It's not. It's a threat.
I think I'd be disappointed if you can't prove him guilty.
Is your brother the one who killed my dad?
I didn't know that my brother could do such a thing.
Hey, where are you going?
Let go! I have something to tell him.
- What are you going to say? - None of your business. Let go!
Let's go together.
I also have something to tell him.
(Episode 15: Pride and Prejudice)
(You killed our national hero.)
People can be so diligent.
They write these every day when we erase them every day.
Ma'am, how about closing the store for a few days?
How about until the trial is over?
Woo Tak, is Hak Young a psycho?
A psychopath.
Psychopaths have no emotions.
How is my son a psychopath?
He cried his heart out when the Little Mermaid became sea foam.
How could he be a psychopath?
I know. It's nonsense.
I know he's not that nice.
He stole your money when you two were little,
and he made me worry so much.
But he's not a total trash to kill a person. Don't you think so?
Of course not.
Those jerks.
It's been a while since Do Hak Young turned himself in.
When are you going to prove him guilty?
Why is that Prosecutor Jung so slow with the case?
He has the least experience in his department.
He's never had such a big case that...
he's investigating it over and over again.
Every day must be a pain for the two of you.
He's not being considerate.
Mr. Lee.
I have pancreatic cancer.
The doctor told me I only have a few days to live.
I must see that jerk, Do Hak Young,
get locked up before I die.
If the law...
lets him walk,
I probably will...
Don't worry, sir.
I'll make sure to prosecute him within a week.
You didn't take off your watch nor roll a paper today.
- I didn't? - Aren't you going to charge them?
It's all right. I was also a fan of Ms. Yoo Su Kyung.
I'll consider it as paying respect.
You look like you're in a good mood.
Of course I am.
I always had to fight against the law, but this time, I don't have to.
It feels as though I'm a big-time player...
who used to be a small-time player.
Please prepare the complaint file.
Yes, sir.
What's the ring size of your girlfriend?
I'm not really sure of the exact size.
[VIU Ver] E15 While You Were Sleeping "Pride & Prejudice"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I have such dreams too?
What's wrong with my heart?
Will I die of heart burst?
A ring is too much for me now.
Today's special is Vietnamese!
- Here you go. - Thank you for the food.
Thank you for the food.
Oh, this pho is really good.
Did you run a Vietnamese restaurant before?
Yes, I did about 3 years ago, but it didn't go well.
There was another Vietnamese restaurant next to mine,
and the chef was from Vietnam.
Do you have fever?
Your face is really red.
It's because I had hot soup.
What time do I have to be at the Prosecutors' Office?
- Come by 2pm. - Why are you going there?
To attend the witness investigation.
You can't take your friend's side, and you have to be honest.
Of course.
By the way, can prosecutors tell if a witness...
- is lying or not? - Yes, of course.
I can't believe this, but he's known to be a human lying detector.
Oh, really?
Policeman Han, how's my breakfast today? Is it good?
Sure, it tastes really good.
Prosecutor Jung, is he telling the truth or not?
He's telling the truth.
Policeman Han, do you think you're handsome?
No, not at all.
- He's lying. - He's being coy.
He's a total liar.
You guys are good.
Lieutenant Han, do you have anyone you like?
Yes, I do like someone.
He's telling the truth.
Is it Hong Joo?
Mom!
It's okay. I'm just teasing him.
Is it Hong Joo?
No, it's not.
He's telling the truth.
You're accurate.
I'll look forward to today's investigation.
Okay. Please be honest like you are now.
Sure.
Work on it. Put on some lipstick as well.
All right. Okay.
You're here.
Hong Joo, don't unpack, and go out now.
- You're in trouble. - What do you mean?
Yoo Su Kyung's family sued Do Hak Young for murdering her.
But he's getting investigated already. Can they sue him again?
They must be frustrated that the prosecution is being slow.
Go and listen to what the proxy of the plaintiff has to say.
Who's the proxy?
It's Lawyer Lee Yu Beom from Haegang. Do you want his number?
It's okay. I have his number.
Woo Tak.
I did everything you told me to do.
I confessed everything to Prosecutor Jung already.
I also went through the lying detector.
But why am I still in here?
It's because Prosecutor Jung is being extra careful.
Him being cautious is going to kill me.
They will only let me have a public defender when I have a trial.
What did the prosecutor say?
Is he looking for the real culprit?
I'll ask him later.
I'm being investigated as a witness.
Really?
When I was in a police academy, I was the top for criminal law.
I'll try my best and defend you when you go on a trial.
Okay.
Okay, thank you so much.
I... I really...
have no one else but you.
All right, brat.
Hey, Woo Tak. Have you gone to see my mom?
Is she doing well?
She's holding up well.
You should be doing the same as well.
(Police Station)
That restaurant serves the best buckwheat noodle.
Sir, let's shift. You should go for lunch.
Okay.
By the way, where's Lieutenant Han?
He went to the Prosecutors' Office for investigation...
as a witness for Do Hak Young case.
Woo Tak is weak-hearted.
He should stand strong against the prosecutors unlike...
how you did.
Woo Tak...
is different from me.
He's smart because he finished police academy. He's also brave.
He's not the type of person to be scared of prosecutors.
I'm not saying that I'm not smart,
but he's just a little smarter than me.
I'm also not saying that I'm a coward,
but he's just unbelievably brave.
Go for lunch. I know what you mean.
I'm also a big man.
That's not something to brag about. Go for lunch now.
Gosh, I heard that Han Woo Tak has outstanding background.
He graduated from police academy with high grades.
He also received an award from prime minister when he graduated.
I talked with him briefly earlier,
and he's really eloquent.
He might win over us if we don't focus.
Goodness, burned food is not good for your health.
Mr. Choi.
What will happen if I can't prosecute this case?
You'll be in big trouble.
You'll be blamed by the chief, I mean, by the whole nation.
What's wrong? Are you not confident?
No, it's not like that.
Mr. Choi, I have something to ask you.
Hyang Mi, what are you up to?
I'm just aging.
There are 7,000 pages of Do Hak Young's case.
The chief said he'll double check, so there are 14,000 pages in total.
I copied them, punched holes in them, and stapled them.
That's why I'm just aging here.
What's this?
We bought it because it's pretty.
For the past few days, the spring flowers have been blossoming.
Really?
I couldn't even see flowers because of Do Hak Young.
I haven't seen spring coming.
There are many days left.
When can I see it?
These papers won't be gone any time soon. When can I go?
Come in.
Is Prosecutor Jung here?
- Unbelievable. - Gosh.
Nice.
Who are you?
My name is Han Woo Tak, and I'm here to answer questions as a witness.
Oh, right. Mr. Han Woo Tak. You can just wait over there.
This way.
Do you have perfume?
- I don't have one now. - What should I do?
It's here.
Her spring is here.
(Lawyer Lee Yu Beom)
Goodness, I'm disappointed.
I called you first among all reporters because we have history.
Thank you. I'm really honored.
You're still the same.
What would you like to drink?
Please give me a cold glass of Coke.
Sure.
Having a proxy for a plaintiff is quite unusual.
What do you do as a plaintiff?
You know Prosecutor Jung well, don't you?
He's a newbie, so he's really slow. And he's stubborn as well.
He's following his beliefs and being careful.
Evidence gets polluted and even disappears if Jae Chan...
keeps listening to what the suspect has to say...
and tolerate the suspect's right to remain silent.
Is gossiping about a prosecutor your job as a proxy?
What if we lose the culprit? The family will be devastated.
That's why I'm here to sue him on behalf of the family.
Lawyer Lee Yu Beom. What are you trying to say?
Don't you get what I'm saying?
Jae Chan isn't going to win the case with the evidence he has now.
Do Hak Young will not be prosecuted, and he can walk free.
This means the prosecutor in charge will get all the blame.
And I'm here to stop that from happening.
I'll be on Jae Chan's side this time round.
So you can help me too, right?
Senior Shin, can you take a look at my investigation?
I don't want to make a mistake.
Of course, I shall take a look when my junior asks.
- Senior Lee. - What is it?
Senior Son.
Chief, we are starting the witness investigation now. Could you join?
Sure, it's the most important case in our department. I have to watch.
Goodness, since when did the police uniform look so fine?
A rarely handsome man for a policeman.
I couldn't agree more.
Why don't prosecutors look handsome like he does?
Prosecutor Jung is handsome.
Didn't you say you liked him?
Gosh. For a very short time only. Really shortly.
You have to read his e-mails. He's a really boring type.
In fact, he's nothing without his job as a prosecutor.
A handsome face and height, maybe?
Did he hear what I said the entire time?
Yes, from the beginning to the end.
Goodness, what have I done?
Oh, he's here.
You're here.
You are early. Did you have lunch?
Yes, I did.
There are other prosecutors on the other side too, right?
Can he see us?
Do you think he can?
That guy is who made Do Hak Young to confess, right?
Yes, sir. I hope he does not make Prosecutor Jung to fall for him.
This case is too much for a junior like Prosecutor Jung.
Don't call him a junior here.
Prosecutor Jung looks more reliable...
than someone like you who skipped the autopsy.
We can't let this case be like Kang's in which he was...
found innocent. And who fixed all your mistakes in the end?
Who brought Kang Dae Hee back to prosecution after he walked free?
- Prosecutor Jung. - Prosecutor Jung, sir.
You still think he can't handle it?
- No. - No, sir.
This reminds me of Kang's case in many ways.
He sure is the culprit, but there is only indirect evidence.
I believe in Prosecutor Jung.
He will find one crucial and direct evidence from today's investigation.
- Let's get this! - Let's do this!
How are you related to Do Hak Young?
I know him from high school,
and we were roommates until a year and half ago.
(Episode 16 will air shortly.)